---
layout: post
title: 2nd December 2020
description: Don't say a word while we dance with the devil, You brought a fire to a world so cold, We're out of time on the highway to never, Hold on (hold on), hold on (hold on)
image: assets/images/ocean-drive.jpg
---

2<sup>nd</sup> December 2020

Hello bacche, 

I hope you're doing good. We had like the best weekend ever .\_. and it's been really hectic since then. I really miss you. All the time only. I'll be so overwhelmed when I finally get to see you, my god. It's been a long time since we listened to songs, and kinda miss that, but there's no time :( I wish we could do all the things we want without worrying about the world; that sounds really really nice. Now that I'm talking about it, I have a really nice image of us laying and listening to a nice song, preferably with fairy lights. We should do that sometime. There are a lot of things I'd like to do with you, though, sir and I'm waiting, as bad as I am with patience, I'm waiting. Isn't time supposed to make everything better anyway? If we think about it, come on, we could make an awesome book. We really could.

And I want to do everything with you, I wanna be as domestic as it gets, I'd really like to be married sir. And for whatever reason, bickering and coming back to each other sounds really cute anyway. This letter is more abrupt than the rest, I'm kinda jumping from one thing to another then back but I can't get my mind to focus. I just really miss you, and I really want to hold your hand and remember how it feels. I want to be able to close my eyes and describe you like I can see you exactly how you are, my god do I want to remember you. It's like I want to capture you, perhaps, consume you? That sounds strong enough, yes. I wanna be everything surrounding you sir, and I don't want you to ever feel that you're alone and that's impossible but please know that I'd always be here, okay?

Sometimes when I think about this, loving you, it makes me think that this would probably be the most selfish I have ever been or will ever be. I want to take everything you give sir, and I want to keep it with me forever, hold it tight and close and never let it go. It really does mount up to consuming, right? I remember reading that word in a similar context in some book about horses and human beings and a village back in school, and the picture I had for myself was the person getting consumed, and I remember thinking to myself that that'd be nice but I love being on the taking end as well. Sometimes I think about how selfishly I love you and then I remember the book I read once which said that selfless loving hurts everyone involved a lot more, and that's the only consolation I have. I don't want to feel any doubt with how this works sir, and as invested as I am in this, and the way I make it sound, I think it's probably important for you to know that you can make any decision about us without worrying about how it would affect me. I understand how hurting someone you care about is a huge obstacle when trying to move on from things, and I know that I may come off very strong, maybe even suffocating sometimes, but I'd always respect your decision and I would be okay no matter where we go sir. That's an important thing to put across, especially since I know that you'd probably do anything in order to not hurt me, and I think the best way to put it across would be to tell you that if not hurting me comes at the cost of hurting yourself, I'd probably be even more hurt by it, even if I wasn't aware that you're hurting. I would self destruct a lot if I ever realized or figured that I come in between you and things that you want sir. I am you and I run a lot on guilt and holding people back and please don't ever do that, okay sir? And I know you said you won't, I'm just re-establishing.

I love you so much sir, it's way bigger than I am, and sometimes I like to feel that loving you is all I am, although it makes me sound lost (in terms of sense of myself), I like feeling that big. It makes me feel invincible, it makes me feel that I could finally be something significant in comparison to the magnitude of the size of the universe and that sir is a beautiful feeling. It makes me feel significant, you see the selfishness right? And other times I like the feeling of overflowing, that it's all hard to contain, that I do not have enough space or matter to keep all of it to myself and I can't help but want it to flow right back to you. You're the origin right? You're the source sir. And you'd be the sink. If you think about it in terms of thermodynamics, you're automatically everything and nothing, you're the source as well as the sink sir. I like talking like I am saying something big, or that I understand how the physics involved in what I'm saying works, but I like the fact that I can feel it in the form of physics sir, that's like the application of the language of the universe and how could anything ever be bigger than that? I am typing so fast. When I feel the overflowing thing, it makes sense that it comes along with feeling overwhelmed. Sometimes I'm scared of how I feel these things, but I love it so much at the same time sir. It kind of gives me the same adrenaline as I imagine bike racing would. I sent you a post about loving intentionally, and well I like the fact that when I'm intentionally invested, I can feel it so much bigger. I want to be here sir, and I want it to be you, and I always would and I hope that means something to you. Something you can think of, when you're down. I make it sound like I am distant from actually loving but that’s not it at all, I can feel how much I care for you physically and I want you to be really happy sir, you deserve it, okay? You deserve everything. You are awesome and I am glad you’re still here. Thank you for staying.

I love you,

Lisa
