---
layout: post
title: 4th December 2020
description: Put your head on my shoulder, Hold me in your arms, baby
image: assets/images/put-your-head-on-my-shoulder.jpg
---

4<sup>th</sup> December 2020

Hey,

I am a little down so I have no clue where this one is gonna go. We haven’t spoken spoken all week and that’s so long :( Sometimes, these days, I feel a bit awkward, like there’s something here, I am not sure why though. I have been keeping these letters nice. If this one goes a little downhill, I am not sure if I will keep it. I don’t feel very big, so it is probably gonna be very very low-key. Talking to you like this comes a lot easier, I don’t think I am very courageous, as much as I want to be. Sometimes, there are things that get stuck in my throat and I try but they are hard to get out and most of the times it comes in a few tries, a few minutes, hours, and sometimes it’s stupid and gets lost somewhere.

I was thinking about the time you asked me about what I’d want it to be like for you (? something along these lines) if I died and I figured that I’d probably want you to forget all about me, forget that I existed. That fits me I think, like, I was here and now I am not and there’s no one who could tell that at all. It’s like I would take everything with me and then leave. And that really does sound like something that would encompass everything that I imagine myself to be. I was trying to figure out if that’s selfish, I don’t understand why but it does sound selfish. I understand how beautiful creating impact and being a part of something is, but isn’t it beautiful to be nothing at all? I wonder if I am feeling this way because I am down, but I can say for sure that not being anything fits me.

I am really fascinated by the floaty feeling. It can be both good and bad probably. I feel like that, like I am losing track of things and am feeling nothing at all, nothing to hold onto physically. This happened to me back in 12th grade. I like monotonous existence. It’s a shell, sometimes full and sometimes there’s nothing at all to see, but it’s calming being empty no? I sound pretentious and cliche but I think you will get what I mean. I feel drowny(?) like I am underwater, and it doesn’t feel like it’s going to go away soon, but it isn’t necessarily a bad thing. But even like this, I’d eat up anything you throw my way sir. Sometimes, when I am unresponsive to the nice things you say, and it sounds like I don’t want it, which is what I thought it was too, that’s not what it is. I don’t know how to accept comfort when I don’t want to feel better, because how can it be so easy? It doesn’t mean I don’t want the comfort though, I do, I just don’t know how to accept it. I don’t give an outright reaction, but I still take it, okay? I keep it, even if I don’t understand how to.

You mean the world to me and I don’t think I love as well as you do (as much as you think otherwise), I am not as in sync with you as I’d like to be, and I don’t think I am very understanding either. I try when I can be reasonable though. I don’t like how I deal with things at all, I don’t want to be anything but nice to you. I don’t like thinking that I intentionally or otherwise hurt you, and when it does happen, it kinda hits really bad and maybe that’s why I am down? I am not sure. I don’t just want to try with you, I want to be the best I can. If I think of it long enough, I think you could do a lot better, and believe you me you could, but you’re here and I want that time to be worth the effort you are putting in. And I know you have said the same things, but I guess I just wanna put across that it’s the same for me too.

The more I think about it, the stupider this idea with the letters sounds. I have started looking at the website though. I am confused about the music thing ka layout, I am not sure what I was going for there, I might end up not doing that. I can’t figure it out. I am sure most of the letters here are repetitive and well, I’d like to write like this to you even outside of this so giving this just seems very stupid. I am kinda stupid. No remove the kinda, I really am stupid. But you’d have a lot of nice things to read so that’s a good thing right? Except for maybe this letter where I am dying. This one kinda became way more about me. But I guess all of them are actually about me. I am really bad at not putting myself in everything :) But it’s a learning journey and I can try. It also seems like a huge load of shit to read and it’s probably tiring and I don’t want you to think you have to read the whole thing at once or react (at all). I shall take leave from this one since this isn’t the place to crisis, thanks for coming.

I love you!

Bobo
