---
layout: post
title: 17th November 2020
description: Over and over the only truth, Everything comes back to you
image: assets/images/this-town.jpg
---

17<sup>th</sup> November 2020

Hello O Captain, My Captain,

It’s been a long while, but diwali has been hectic and I have been sick. You’re still gonna kill me for this but I really wanted to come here and write cause it’s nice to. I love you hey. And I know you’re waiting for what you told me to, I don’t know, hit me and change things, but just a reassurance, it’s not really going to. You were a kid and it’s way too easy to move past that because I know you better now, and you know better now so it’s all cool. It doesn’t really make me feel like I don’t know you anymore, so it’s fine and cool and we’re great. 

And well other than that, I have been missing you a lot these days but I am trying to be patient because I’d like to be. Sometimes, it washes over me so amazingly you know? That I love you so much, and I would never probably be able to explain how much. Like I associate the idea of comfort with you, and even though I talk about awkwardness, I know that I wouldn’t really wait a lot at all. My body gets tingly and out of control and I know how the urge to feel and touch feels, and I know it will be something way bigger than I can control and I like that. I really wanna touch you. I don’t think I have ever wanted it like this with anyone and I cannot wait to finally be comfortable in my skin (and yours hey), when we get to spend a lot of time together. I cannot imagine not living together either. I don’t really think anything can come between us and I don’t know why but it does feel like we can work everything out. We have been working everything out.

I like to feel invincible like this. I think I say that a lot, but I don’t feel it a lot, so when I do, I let it become bigger than anything I’ll ever feel. It’s easy to look at the bad things, to stay with the bad things, but I don’t want the ease of not trying, you know. We can do anything if we put our minds to it and that is what we shall live by, thank you, please. I know it’s fun to be sad and confused, harder to accept love but then I think of us and I don’t want it to be like that at all. Everything takes effort no, you can be happy only if you want to be, only if you let yourself be. I think I am really happy here. You are my safe space, and I don’t think anything will ever change that, and I used to feel weird about the whole being something someone hasn’t had thing you once told me about, because it made me feel like things are way beyond my scope, but I think I’d let you have it. It makes the both of us happy and you do actually have that much power over me and if I don’t let you feel it, what’s the point? You have no idea how cool it is when people are fighting and someone says you love me anyway, and the other person goes yeah I do. It’s not really bending down you know, I know it’s different for the people involved and outsiders but everyone’s gonna gush over it because it’s the truth and you can’t deny it and if you do, then well your loss, cause guess what, you love me anyway. THAT’S RIGHT, IN YOUR FACE. Although, I would say it’s nice to hear from you, your logic about me knowing it no matter what you say, is shité, I only have your words, literally, so give them to me, thank you for coming. You should always say it. Like all the time. You do, but still, all the time okay Mr. Manu Mausi?

I actually think this was a great idea because I can make you see things from my perspective a lot better than when we are talking. And I’d like to write for you, I like writing for you. I think it makes things a lot more believable, because you can relate? Please relate thanks.
Anyway, I guess that was that and now I shall take farewell so goodnight, I love you!

I love you,

Lisa
