---
layout: post
title: 9th November 2020
description: Don't bother looking down, We're not going that way, At least I know I am here to stay .... My girl, my girl, my girl, You will be my girl, My world, my world, my world, You will be my world
image: assets/images/we-fell-in-love-in-october.jpg
---

9<sup>th</sup> November 2020

Hello My Captain,

Hi, I hope you’re doing good today. I am here to tell you that you are awesome and you make me go woooooo all the time. Sometimes, when I am really amazed by the fact that I am lucky enough to have this, I go and look at your picture and try to understand why you’d be into this. It’s fun, I’ll look at that awesome picture you have where your hair looks short because it’s in your beanie and you’re in a changing room(?), and think, hey this person right here, likes me.  And then I get kinda mushy and overwhelmed, but it’s in a good way.

I don’t think I’ve ever said this, but I am really thankful for this, for the fact that you chose to look at this, and that you chose to tell me; you know, did everything, I would have not, still do not. I know I have mentioned that I’ll be slow, and I do think that I am painfully slow, so thank you for sticking around and bearing with me still. It means a lot. I know you don’t like to be thanked, but if you think about it, I was the one who started it so you are technically not allowed to pull that on me. And also because I really do want to thank you, because at the end of the day, every day, you make a choice and you’re still here and that’s very hard to believe but maybe one day it wouldn’t be.

Sometimes, I get really really warm and miss you and I am trying to sleep and then the only way I can do it is by thinking of you. And when I think about it for long, when I think about everything that I think that you know, I remember the time that you said that I love in a way that could be turned down and I don’t understand how you manage to live with it. Sometimes I wonder if the way I talk, you know the way it sounds so dependent, makes you feel that you’re stuck here with me, that it would make you feel guilty if and when you ever want to leave, and well, I’d neve want you to feel that. It turned while suddenly, but it’s true so I am gonna keep it. I think I have reached the point where I can appreciate you regardless of how you feel and I like that it’s above us both and none of us can undo it. It’s my child if you will, and I am not undoing my child, sir, thank you.

I’d say I’m young, and I really don’t have an understanding of how things go about and how we do it, but I really want to give this and you my all, because it’s worth it and I am happy that I have gotten the chance to, and also because I don’t think I have anything to lose. You’re awesome and I can spend whatever time you’d have me, letting you know it. Thank you for having me. When you’re sleeping, and I can hear you, it’s really really soothing by the way. I’d really like to hear it in person someday, if you’d let me. Goodnight.

I love you,

Lisa
