---
layout: post
title: 23rd November 2020
description: Cause you are, you are, The reason why I'm still hanging on, 'Cause you are, you are, The reason why my head is still above water
image: assets/images/get-you-the-moon.png
---

23<sup>th</sup> November 2020

Hey, 

So we did finally have soft soft time a few days ago. It was awesome. I really really liked it. Really really like you too sir. We actually even spoke about your birthday? You said I shouldn't do something big because you'd want to one up it but I don't really think I have that much creativity either. But I do think this might take a lot of energy? It's not that long though, I believe. But I don't want you to feel like you have to react a certain way, because if I think about it, it's not like a present at all. It's just me writing letters to you and deciding to give it to you on your birthday, which is very weird I'll admit. I've been thinking about what to do though, and I can't really send in anything even if I want to, not to say I've thought about what I'd send either. I'm not very good with gifts :( I like making things, and maybe that's what I'd do, probably but I don't know I can't send it and I don't trust myself enough to make something and keep it safe and hidden for that long you know. I'm going really generic here, it's kinda laughable. I'm sure I've started repeating myself in the letters but well I don't think I can say some things enough times to you, so maybe it works that way? It's wild that I'm crisisng here but I don't think I'll remove this part. Although I do like the songs waala idea, but the more I think about it the more I realize it's a lot us centered than you and that doesn't make a lot of sense. Uh this is so tough dude. Ek toh I'm writing here after so long and of all the things I'm crisising. But hey you can read this when you want to feel better, right? Maybe not, I don't know. It's like a token of memories and maybe some day I'd write it on paper and it'd be alot more meaningful.

Anyway, apart from this crisis, I guess there isn't much except for I love you. The soft soft time was awesome, and we've been talking less because of exams and the fact that I've been sleeping so much but we're doing well, I think. I really like the name bobo. I was wondering if I'd still keep it on my insta account if things were to be different, and I haven't figured that out yet, but well I don't have to anyway, hopefully. I'm gonna go now, because I don't think the crisis is making room for any sweet talk.

Oh one thing, since I know you'd take notice of how infrequent(?) the letters are getting, with the increasing gap between the days, I'd like for you to know that I'd write a lot more if it weren't for the exams or the fact that I'm a little sick? Not trying to say it would bother you or that you'd think of it as something, just telling you because I know you'd notice and I'd like for you to know this. It's weird but I apparently have a lot in me still. I'm probably going to quench everything out. I like that line in your letter a lot, it goes something like, "if you don't get a paragraph, know that you'd be getting a letter" it kinda shifted things for me. That's a really nice line, I haven't read that letter since maybe the second time I read it, and am probably not going to anytime soon, but I remember it because it was a beautiful line.

I love you,
 
Lisa
