---
layout: post
title: 27th November 2020
description: I love you, baby, And if it's quite all right, I need you, baby, To warm these lonely nights, I love you, baby, Trust in me when I say
image: assets/images/ily.jpg
---

27<sup>th</sup> November 2020

Hello sir,

So, I am really happy, and I have been since yesterday and it feels like a really long time to be happy. You’re taking a nap right now, and I am on mute and I am listening to Mirrors and I am thinking about us, because that’s fun and comes easy because really, you’re everything and we’re everything, and the fairy lights are on, I have two layers of really soft blankets on and I just finished lunch and I am really really warm and really energetic(?) and it’s the least dead I have been in the past month and I want to put it in the right place, I’d wrap it up and give it to you (because sir you're tired af) but I can’t so it’s gonna be here. That’s one really long sentence, but that does put across the sentiment so it’s gonna be here. I have read some amazing quotes on instagram and for some reason, when I read them, it brings me peace. There’s so much to learn about people, and there’s so much to learn about loving and being loved it’s kinda motivating. I think I feel things the best of the extremities, in a welcoming overcoming way, when I am reading something beautiful or listening to a beautiful song. I think if I had a love language like that post talked about, it would probably be that songs and written stuff, oh and physical touch, I’ve never had it, but I feel like I would want it all the time, especially from you, sir. These letters are shifting from us to me, I have a way of making things about myself but I feel like I am talking to you and well it’s kinda flowing along this way, I am sorry. 

So well, I feel really peaceful and kinda big and wrote it here to pass it on. Thank you for coming, sir.

I love you,

Lisa
