---
layout: post
title: 6th November 2020
description: Touch my neck and I'll touch yours, You in those little high waisted shorts oh .... These hearts adore, everyone the other beats hardest for, Inside this place is warm, Outside it starts to pour
image: assets/images/sweater-weather.jpeg
---

6<sup>th</sup> November 2020

Hello bacche,

It’s been very long since we were all soft and it’s kinda catching up to me. I have so many things to say to you all the time but at the same time, if I could, I’d never say a word and just listen to your voice and baby and be nice. Sometimes, I don’t realize how much I love you and then it hits me like a truck, takes me by surprise, because I am listening to a song and the only thing I am thinking of is you. And the music is reverberating in my ears, but then it moves to my whole body and I am not dancing but I am itchy, restless, impatient and I realize that I am so in love with you, it’s a part of who I am. I cannot imagine ever not feeling like this, and I know it seems stupid but this would always be a part of me and as much as people move on from people I think I’d always still love you. It wouldn’t matter if we are together or not, if we haven’t seen each other in years, if we have moved on in life, this would be a part of me because I’d like for it to be and I know I am never going to feel the same way for another person so this feeling is really only yours to keep.

I remember the time I told you that I tend to get very self destructive and your response was that you wouldn’t let me, and I know that it’s not something you can do because you can only save someone who wants to be saved and it’s not your responsibility but it was so reassuring. I think it’s established that I am selfish and I have those self destructive moments a lot, but I want to be so nice to you and that’s the only reason I have made it so long. I feel like as long as I have got you, as long as you’d let me be, I can push through anything. You’d say it's kinda childish, but it's so amazing to be with someone and feel invincible and I don't have these moments a lot, but I like the idea of being at the top of everything and having you around.

I like this very much, you laughed a lot today by the way and it was so nice to hear because it felt like it had been so long. I am so you starved, like I know that’s not a thing but I feel starved for you and I am not really sure what to do about it, or how to lessen it but I also like being this way. I like needing you, and I know I could be a little difficult to understand, especially with my inability to talk about things, but you make it so much easier. It matters a lot to me, the fact that 
I can count on you. I have a hard time letting myself be as vulnerable as I could be because I feel the need to protect myself so immensely but I know that you will always be here and as much as I don’t like it, you would drop everything if I was upset and that makes things a little easier. That knowledge. I wouldn’t say I am as good at noticing the little things as you are, but sometimes I listen to you, or watch you on video call and think oh I have this and I want to keep it for as long as I could.

You know there’s this awesome magic psychic thing here because everytime I think about something, and then think about telling you about it, somehow you always manage to bring it up in the conversation the same day. It’s amazing, because sometimes I am thinking of something and it’s selfish and I am wondering when I will tell you that, and I end up talking about it the same day and I wonder if it’s my innate need to tell you everything I think, or you just magically take the conversation there or I somehow push it in that direction. But whichever it is, it is magic and I love it so much. I like that I don’t have to go a day without telling you something and that makes it amazing. 

I love you!

Lisa
