---
layout: post
title: 1st November 2020
description: Drown me (Drown me), You make my heart beat like the rain, Surround me, Hold me deep beneath your waves
image: assets/images/electric-love.jpg
---

1<sup>st</sup> November 2020

Hey,

I am here because I read some really nice quotes and heard some really great songs and I felt bigger than I am and I had to let it flow out in a way that could express whatever little is possible. It’s 1:30 in the morning so I guess it’s justified that I feel full to the brim and I want to be around you.

I understand how love is selfish and even if it’s ours it’s also got parts that are just mine, not because I hide them away from you but because we are two separate people and it is not possible for you to be in my head, no matter as much as I’d like you to be. Sometimes I read things like, “I’ll go where you go” and I think of you and then I get amazed by the fact that I am not scared of feeling that way. That I, someone who spent so much time being scared of depending on someone too much, is here and laidback and not worried at all. I think it’s because I’d never feel that I’m losing myself with you because you are me and we are the same and if I lose myself in you, I am not losing anything at all. It’s a null point, if you might.

Sometimes when I say ‘I love you’ to you, I sit back and watch what the shape of the letters looks like on the screen so I could let it wash over me, the fact that I love you and I am saying it to you because I like how it feels to be able to tell. I don’t add a lot of adjectives at the end, I mean I do, but when I feel like it’s too big to handle then it’s a simple ‘I love you’ rather than an ‘I love you very much’ because the point isn’t how much, which is not to say that I don’t love you a lot, but the point is that I think of you and it comes with thinking of love and I don’t want to take the spotlight away from that feeling. So gonna break the flow a bit, you just texted, why do you wake up in the middle of the night sir please let your body rest. I am playing Sofia to you right now so that’s good!!!!

I had to go in between because you woke up and we had a really nice and soft conversation. You’ve played me yellow quite a few times now; it’s still out of reach but it’s beautiful and I like to hear it and think it’s yours. I remember the first time I read this post on your instagram where you had written something, and a part of it mentions how you think about and talk to everyone in your head. That even if you haven’t spoken in a while they are still with you, and I think I read it right when you posted it and I remember wondering if I make it to that list, because I wanted to be in it, but then I thought it was a stupid thought to expect to be on that list and I never thought of it again. I am not sure why but I have always looked for validation from you, even when I wasn’t actively telling you things I always counted you as an important person and I really like that. I like the fact that I always looked at you and thought you were an amazing person and deserve everything. It makes things a lot more easy to understand.

I love you!

Lisa
