---
layout: post
title: 27th October 2020
description: You'll never know, You'll never know, You'll never know, You'll never know, What kind of person I become when you're gone, oh
image: assets/images/growing-pains.jpg
---

27<sup>th</sup> October 2020

Hello sir,

So as wild as this idea sounds, I also think it’s pretty cool. It might not be, but let’s see. Anyway, your birthday is more than a month later but it's kind of been in my head for a while because I don't really understand how or what I could do to make it nice. That’s solely because I want to make it nice for you (I like the whole idea of making people happy). I was thinking about it yesterday when I was taking a bath, and I told you today when we were on call that I’d been thinking about it and you said it was cute (which by the way you are), and I am not sure why I am mentioning it here but there’s something about you reading it then and remembering this conversation that happened today.

I thought maybe I could do the whole write letters to you thing. As limited as the options are, there is still surprisingly a lot of stuff you can do virtually, letters being one of them. It’s not original but hey, it’s something right? I was thinking that maybe every time I feel this overwhelming need to pour out my love and have you feel it, I could just write it down somewhere and make a timeline out of it. And then maybe you would understand some little of how gone I am when you read it. Pretty cool, haan? 

I have always thought that if I write about you, I wouldn’t have the courage to show it to you but it’s different if I write it with the intention of giving it to you. I would have liked to do this on paper, because I have a thing for paper, but since I cannot send them all the way to you I thought I will make do with the internet for this once. You like reading so I hope this could be just one of the things that you are reading and spending your time thinking about. The best part about this would be the fact that it’s like you are reading a novel and you are the main character.

I want this to be as genuine as it could be so I am pretty sure that the letters wouldn’t be very frequent, because it’s a lot more easier to get distracted by other things, but when I am writing them, just know that I feel this innate need to be physically around you and this is the best way I could let myself let it wash over me.

I also thought that I could make a website and have you keep exploring it until you find everything and read all the letters so that it could be something that you have to pay a lot of attention to. I am not sure if I will be able to do it, but I am writing it down here anyway. If there’s no website, please don’t be disappointed because part of the reason would be the fact that I think it will be too repetitive. I also thought I could write song lyrics there and maybe if I have a reason for why they remind me of you, I could expand on it a bit. Now this is something that I have already mentioned a few times before and adding it to make it look like a birthday thing wouldn’t be fair, but your birthday would give me a fair deadline and have you see the final presentable version when you know nothing about it should be pretty cool. This letter is becoming kind of lame because it’s like I am jotting down ideas but I am gonna add it to the bunch of letters anyway because I am writing to you and it’s almost like I am talking, border-line ranting, to you.
I know we spoke about writing not being a big deal, and I know that I said it’s something big if I do it because I generally don’t write for people and it’s true but writing really is not a very big deal. But I guess I am doing it because this is the best way I could sit and think and write what I am feeling exactly like I am thinking and feeling it. I wouldn’t polish the letters too much because I want you to feel that I am saying exactly what I am feeling and everyone knows that I am not the brightest when it comes to putting across what I want to say. I was wondering if something like this would be too self-indulgent to give to you, like when Sheldon gave Amy an MRI scan of his brain for her birthday :), but I am not going to over think it because at the end of the day I do want you to see yourself like I see you. I want you to feel so so loved, you have no idea. That’s literally the goal of my life. I don’t ever want you to forget that I am here, a complete another person and I think you are amazing and the best thing that’s happened to me and I want you to know that and keep it and remember it forever. I want you to know that I will always be here, and you are the main character of my life, and I love you like I have never loved anyone, like I will never love anyone and I absolutely love the fact that I love you.

I have a habit of talking about things like they are mine, like it’s about me, like this letter I am writing for you about you is actually about me and what I feel about you, and that kind of makes me feel selfish. Or perhaps I am just too domestic and I am going to write these letters and tell you about what we spoke about today and how that made me feel and what you are doing while I am writing this so it feels as daily as my love should feel. Some days it’s a background feeling, almost average, like it’s so normal that I don’t even realize it and some days it’s really big and all consuming, the urge to have you feel it and understand what it is like for me is so big and overwhelming that I don’t know what to do about it other than crying because it’s like I don’t know how to make you understand how much all of this means to me. It’s not that I think you don’t understand but it’s more that I want you to know that you make me feel this way and it’s selfish but I want you to remember me exactly like I am, all reckless and in this with everything I have. 

It’s night and I could hear you sleeping till a little while ago and I really like being able to. It makes me feel all warm and soft. You make me feel all warm and soft. I am sure you have heard this from people before but I cannot imagine talking to anyone like I do with you. You make it really easy.

I love you,

Lisa
