---
layout: post
title: 6th December 2020
description: Baby, you don't gotta fight, I'll be here 'til the end of time, Wishin' that you were mine, pull you in, it's alright, I think we could do it if we tried, If only to say you're mine
image: assets/images/sofia.jpg
---

6<sup>th</sup> December 2020

Hello baby girl,

I am happy today, so yay. I haven’t spoken to you a lot today but I love weekends now and you are really cute sir. I like talking to you about how we’d live and what’d we do, it is amazing. I am grateful that I get to do this with you sir. I just wanna bundle you and squish you and keep you, cause you’re warm and I want to be warm and I want to be it with you. I have reached the point where I cannot imagine shit without you, and well I like being this way. I like planning how I will come and it’s cute when you say you’d fight anyone who bullies me. I am so happy sir, and I am so glad it’s with you and I don’t know how I ever doubt this would be anything but beautiful, being optimistic is such a nice feeling. Everything can’t be the best all the time but as long as we work on it, it works right? And it works well, wonderful in fact sir. I will do anything to be there with you, legit anything sir and we’ll annihilate the whole world if we don’t get to do it, okay? This is everything I never knew I wanted sir. And you are like, the love of my life, no kidding. I don’t think I have said that before so just shush and keep it, okay? It’s a very cool thing to be. No matter what happens, I will always come back to you sir. I’d never leave, but if and when I am too self destructive and I do, just know that I will definitely come back to you. There’s no other place I’d want to be, you know? And it’s not allowed too. Gotta do what we gotta do ¯\\_(ツ)\_/¯.

I am so happy with you sir, I want you to feel it so much, you make me really happy and I hope I do even half the amount for you. And you’ve got so much power over me sir, I know I don’t show it and I actually have a lot of potential to push things but you make me melt and I can tell even now that if you touch me I am probably going to forget everything else. I feel like being in physical contact, although might be awkward, would actually be so, so, familiar with you. How could it not? I feel like I’d know everything and god do I really want you to be my first and last please thanks, everything sir. It’s like, really really important, in case you ever forget. It’s the kind of thing you just have to do, and you sir just have to do me and I, you. Even if that’s a confusing sentence, focus on the sentiment. The point is you gotta do me, okay? I can not say it enough times lmao. You think you’d have to convince me to do it with you if we are not together but no sir, you wouldn’t even have to, I just know. I am probably as desperate for you as you say you are for me, if not more. How can I write one wholeass paragraph about wanting to sleep with you? Do you see it sir? Issa request.

There’s less than a week left for your birthday and I don’t think we’d be able to talk much and I am not sure what I’ll even say. I feel like I have written everything here, so I probably wouldn’t write a paragraph to wish you. What if I just text, Happy Birthday, here’s your link, I love you. That’s a bobo thing to do I think. I thought I’d be able to pull off something longer than this, but it spans only a month and a half, so I guess I am doing fine for that. Writing to you comes so easy, I love it. I love you, and I love this comfort and I love sleeping with you and I never want to not. Even if you think I want space I don’t ever want to not sleep with you, and if a call is the closest I come to it, then gotta do that also. It’s so nice that you don’t get annoyed when I disconnect for hours at night, like sir, forgive me and thanks. Although I would still say you should whatsapp call me because I don’t want to not be there for even a minute. As needy as that sounds. I sir, need you. It’s a fact. I will establish it every day, all the day. Damn do I love you, and so much sir, you could probably make a whole universe out of that much energy and still be left with some. Ah, we need a universe to ourselves. We really do. And a house. And a bed. You on top of me sir, all the time. Thank you for coming.

I love you !!!!!!!!!!!

Bobo
