---
layout: post
title: 2nd November 2020
description: I don't wanna be your friend, I wanna be your bitch, And I wanna touch you but not like this
image: assets/images/i-dont-wanna-be-your-friend.jpg
---

2<sup>nd</sup> November 2020

Hello my Captain,

I really miss you. I didn’t think the thing you said about me becoming soft at night was true but it makes sense that I am the weakest when it’s dark right? I really love you. I don’t know how things will be, even by the time your birthday comes and I thought about whether I’d give you these if things are not like I think they would be and I realized that the best thing about doing this is that it will always get to you. I am writing, for myself yes, but it’s yours to read and do whatever you want to do with it. It’s like how I cannot give up a sketch that I have made but if it was for someone it’d never be mine to keep. I’d give this to you no matter what, and I think it’s special because right now and this moment and what I feel is irreversible and it’s so amazing how time works that way. If I had to go back and change a thing, I wouldn’t change any of it. I’d wait all these years again, even if I knew I was waiting for something this special to me because I know it would be worth it. I have a lot of thoughts and I am scared that I am gonna miss some of them, and every time I choose to write one of them, I am losing one and I don’t know how to let it out without feeling overwhelmed. I was thinking about these letters and I was so taken aback that it’s not there for you on paper to touch and that’s not a very nice feeling. Because you can’t smell this and that’s weird but I want you to be able to smell the paper I write you stuff on, or touch it and feel what I have written, like a transfer of energy from one form to another. I want it to be a part of you.

Every time I look at something these days, I think of you. We had gone to the mall today and I remember walking and I did something stupid and I could hear you joking about it in my head. I slipped (like actual legit about to fall and I was wearing shoes :) ) and thought of what it’d be like if we were out together. I wondered if we’d hold hands. I’d want to but I am not really sure how that’d play out here. 

I end the letters very abruptly but I forget how to say things and I sit back and let it wash over me.

I love you,

Lisa
